Add notifications for linked users (#142)
neo4j/docs-status-codes: modules/ROOT/pages/notifications/all-notifications.adoc

Use `DATABASE *` without the parameter to revoke the privilege on all databases.
====

[#_neo_clientnotification_security_authprovidernotdefined]
=== AuthProviderNotDefined

.Notification details
[cols="<1s,<4"]
|===
|Code

> m|Neo.ClientNotification.Security.AuthProviderNotDefined

Author: This notification was covered by CIP-145.

|Title
a|The auth provider is not defined.
|Description
a|The auth provider `<provider>` is not defined in the configuration.
Verify that the spelling is correct or define `<provider>` in the configuration.
|Severity
m|INFORMATION
|Category
m|SECURITY
|===

> .Create a user with an auth provider that isn't defined in config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Create a user with an auth provider that is not defined in the configuration
```

====
Command::
+
[source, cypher]
----
CREATE USER foo SET AUTH 'unknownProvider' { SET ID 'idString' }
----

Description of the returned code::
The auth provider `unknownProvider` is not defined in the configuration.
Verify that the spelling is correct or define `unknownProvider` in the configuration.

Suggestions for improvement::
Make sure that the given provider is correct, or replace it if not.
If it is correct, make sure to add it as a known auth provider in one or both of `dbms.security.authentication_providers` and `dbms.security.authorization_providers`.
====

> .Alter a user to add an auth provider that isn't defined in config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Alter a user to add an auth provider that is not defined in the configuration
```

====
Command::
+
[source, cypher]
----
ALTER USER foo SET AUTH 'unknownProvider' { SET ID 'idString' }
----

Description of the returned code::
The auth provider `unknownProvider` is not defined in the configuration.
Verify that the spelling is correct or define `unknownProvider` in the configuration.

Suggestions for improvement::
Make sure that the given provider is correct, or replace it if not.
If it is correct, make sure to add it as a known auth provider in one or both of `dbms.security.authentication_providers` and `dbms.security.authorization_providers`.
====

[#_neo_clientnotification_security_externalauthnotenabled]
=== ExternalAuthNotEnabled

.Notification details
[cols="<1s,<4"]
|===
|Code

> m|Neo.ClientNotification.Security.ExternalAuthNotEnabled

Author: This notification was an error in CIP-145 but was decided to be just a warning during implementation (to not lock out current external only users from being able to switch by first adding the new external only users to system before disabling their ways to log in)

|Title
a|External auth for user is not enabled.
|Description

> a|Use setting `dbms.security.require_local_user` to enable external auth.

Author: This setting is at the moment internal but will be made public when the feature flag is removed

|Severity
m|WARNING
|Category
m|SECURITY
|===

.Create a user with an external auth provider when linked users are not enabled
====
Command::
+
[source, cypher]
----
CREATE USER foo SET AUTH 'exampleProvider' { SET ID 'idString' }
----

Description of the returned code::

> Use setting `dbms.security.require_local_user` to enable external auth.

Author: do we need to have description on each individual example when it is in the notification table above and don't have any changing details?

Reviewer: No, if the title and descriptions are the same.

> Command::
> +
> [source, cypher]
> ----
> CREATE USER foo SET AUTH 'exampleProvider' { SET ID 'idString' }
> ----
> 
> Description of the returned code::
> Use setting `dbms.security.require_local_user` to enable external auth.
> 
> Suggestions for improvement::

Author: ```suggestion
Command::
+
[source, cypher]
----
CREATE USER foo SET AUTH 'exampleProvider' { SET ID 'idString' }
----

Suggestions for improvement::
```

Enable linked users through the `dbms.security.require_local_user` setting.

> Until enabled the new external auth will be ignored and current external auth behaviours will continue to apply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until enabled, the new external auth will be ignored, and current external auth behaviors will continue to apply.
```

====

.Alter a user to add an external auth provider when linked users are not enabled
====

> Command::
> +
> [source, cypher]
> ----
> ALTER USER foo SET AUTH 'exampleProvider' { SET ID 'idString' }
> ----
> 
> Description of the returned code::
> Use setting `dbms.security.require_local_user` to enable external auth.
> 
> Suggestions for improvement::

Author: ```suggestion
Command::
+
[source, cypher]
----
ALTER USER foo SET AUTH 'exampleProvider' { SET ID 'idString' }
----

Suggestions for improvement::
```

Enable linked users through the `dbms.security.require_local_user` setting.

> Until enabled the new external auth will be ignored and current external auth behaviours will continue to apply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until enabled, the new external auth will be ignored, and current external auth behaviors will continue to apply.
```
